Example of good copy with a slightly differenet purpose:
- Take each line I wrote and find the relative business value.
- I don't personally need a WHY: I need a WHAT and a HOW.
- "I help you" is the operational part.
- Call to action follows a question specified as a need at the end: "Just send me a message and let's talk."

Momentum sentence and call-to-action: We'll help you turn your business idea into a product.

Example of my current copy:
"As a technologist with a deep interest in business I want to help you realise your business ideas by helping architect, develop and manage the creation of mobile apps and websites.

My speciality is in combining strong technical knowledge with lateral thinking.

I can help you to build out a product on both the back-end and front-end as well as with assembling and leading technical teams.

I understand business/market fundamentals and can help you in the creation of a working business model with the technical costs factored in.

I like to broaden my mind with books and articles on many different disciplines. On the tech-side recently I favour lean development, the twelve-factor app (http://www.12factor.net/), and the simplicity espoused in Rich Hickey's "Simple Made Easy" (www.infoq.com/presentations/Simple-Made-Easy) as the best ways of ensuring high-quality code. I've worked with many different technologies over the years, but it's this knowledge which I feel is most important.

Say hello!

Twitter : http://twitter.com/sebinsua
Github  : https://github.com/sebinsua
Blog    : http://sebinsua.com
Email   : me@sebinsua.com

----

Became this --->

Hey,

If you're in London and run a business, drop me a message. Let's go for coffee.

I'd love to figure out ways that I can add value to your business. And if I
can't, it's always great to grow your network.

If you have an idea already I work with many technologies and can quickly
build an MVP/prototype from scratch or get up-to-speed to contribute on
established projects.

* * *

As a technologist with a deep interest in business I want to help you realise your ideas by helping architect, develop and manage the creation of mobile apps and websites.

My speciality is in combining strong technical knowledge with lateral thinking.

I can help you to build out a product on both the back-end and front-end as well as with assembling and leading technical teams.

I understand business/market fundamentals and can help you in the creation of a working business model with the technical costs factored in.

I enjoy broadening my mind with books and articles on many different disciplines. On the tech-side recently I favour lean development, BDD, the Twelve-Factor App, and the simplicity espoused in Rich Hickey's "Simple Made Easy" as the best ways of ensuring high-quality code. I've worked with many different technologies over the years, but it's this knowledge that I feel is most important.

Don't hesitate to get in touch if you think I can help you in any way.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/sebinsua
Github: https://github.com/sebinsua
WWW: http://sebinsua.com
Email: me@sebinsua.com
